and
that we already arrived at the big day and
the exhibition of the palace of the
sports I'm very excited because
true that these people are amazing they
they are looking at the dresses that
obviously they are from the designer jorge magno
they are already but we have a big surprise
and here is the designer with us
jorge magno and let me tell you that it is the
only designer that comes from
chihuahua
back to the picture that is father
because luis towers and really that
when
with lots of girls and you too
come to see the photos of the
dressed and all the options there
for your party hey but I love him
ask jorge magno I see there
many people whom you are entering and
coming out that you feel
Well, a lot of emotion because a lot of people
comes nothing more to see me said no
not to me but thank you very much to all
they have come to look for me
in person to come visit me
stand and then to all those that I
see right now for this for this
recording by I'm going to give you not be a
gift for your mom can be a dress
personal as they see something special clear
for then a question how do you
you do so your clothes are so
unique and truly inspired as he is
because all the girls come and
they ask for you says it is not that this
designer understands me I want you to give us
your secret guy to admit I can not
say no I do not know why I do not either
I know but simply that if with those
desire to do beautiful things for
girls in this case start from boy
cats and finish we thank you
to understand us because the
boring dress
and really that the children are looking for another
exclusivity and your way of understanding it
your designs the colors all that
Jorge Maina manages is unique and ideal for
a quinceañera as beautiful as you
I suppose you're going to have promotions
special of course we are
managing a promotion where the
people
and we bought her dress counter
We are giving away a doll of
first level porcelain like the one
we have
the doll
more and more we are going to give away
of great beautiful divine
and all come to visit the wonder of
gifts we have two lawyers to continue
and this is expo 15 do not miss all
the links that we are going to be doing